Correct the ADR about prime flag (#10413)
rancher/rke2: docs/adrs/012-prime-flag-and-ingress-nginx.md

1 - Registry Redirection: The global.systemDefaultRegistry is automatically pointed to the official SUSE registry for customers. All core RKE2 components will consume that registry.

2 - Image Tag Logic: The ingress-nginx Helm chart will switch from the standard hardened tag to the prime tag

3 - Ingress-nginx support in RKE2 v1.37: Ingress-nginx helm chart will remain present

### ingress-nginx helm chart changes

The Github Project where ingress-nginx is built for RKE2 will have two types of tags:
* v1.14.5-hardenedN => for community, it will never be updated *
* v1.15.1-primeN => for customers. N is a natural number and it will be incremented when new patches are added.

Note that ingress-nginx v1.14.5 and v1.15.1 have the same code and hence are exactly a mirror.

The ingress-nginx helm chart includes two fields for the image tag:
* [tag](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main/charts/rke2-ingress-nginx/rke2-ingress-nginx/4.14.504/values.yaml#L859) is for community and hence will always be v1.14.5-hardenedN

> * [primeTag](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main/charts/rke2-ingress-nginx/rke2-ingress-nginx/4.14.504/values.yaml#L860) is for customers and hence will be v1.15.1-primeN

Reviewer: Just to let you know @manuelbuil, the plan now that we have a `1.15.1-primeN` of ingress-nginx will be to bump the chart version to `4.15.1` and add  the prime tag to the chart, the version for the community we will set to `v1.14.5-hardened2` in the updated chart for `v1.15.1`.

Author: thanks!

We will introduce a new boolean configuration flag, prime, within the RKE2 configuration. The default value will be false. While the current focus is on ingress-nginx extended life for customers, the flag establishes a pattern for future functional deviations between community and customer distributions. As of today the following changes would occur when the flag is enabled (prime: true): 

> 1 - Registry Redirection: The global.systemDefaultRegistry is automatically pointed to the official SUSE registry for customers

Reviewer 2: Just to clarify on this, when setting only `prime: true` it does not redirect automatically to the official SUSE registry and pods fail with `ImagePullBackOff` state. Additionally, this flag, `system-default-registry: <SUSE-registry>`, also needs to be added  along with the `prime: true` flag to make it work. Else it defaults to `docker.io`

cc @manuelbuil

Author: Thanks for reviewing it MD. I don't think you are correct. If you look at the code: https://github.com/rancher/rke2/blob/master/pkg/rke2/rke2_linux.go#L35-L39 the primeRegistry is set. Could you doublecheck in your env? I can test tomorrow in mine

Reviewer 3: > when setting only prime: true it does not redirect automatically to the official SUSE registry and pods fail with ImagePullBackOff state.

Setting `prime: true` should set `system-default-registry` to \<SUSE-registry\>, and pods for all core RKE2 components should come from that registry. Other things NOT bundled with rke2 are NOT expected to be "redirected" to the prime registry.

Author: This is now clarified and fixed

2 - Image Tag Logic: The ingress-nginx Helm chart will switch from the standard hardened tag to the prime tag

> 3 - Ingress-nginx support in RKE2 v1.37: Ingress-nginx helm chart will remain present

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
3 - Ingress-nginx support in RKE2 v1.36: Ingress-nginx helm chart will remain present
```

chart will remain present in v1.36 and v1.37?

Reviewer 3: The deprecation policy says two minors, so if we announce its deprecation in 1.36, we have to keep it around through at least 1.37, and then we can remove in 1.38.

### ingress-nginx and traefik in airgap 

> Starting with May releases, the image tarball rke2-images-core.linux-amd64 will include the traefik image and will not include the ingress-nginx image. The ingress-nginx image will be included in a different image tarball. In Github, that image tarball will include ingress-nginx with the hardened tag. In `prime.ribs`, the image tarball will include ingress-nginx with the prime tag.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Starting with the RKE2 v1.36 release, the image tarball rke2-images-core.linux-amd64 will include the traefik image and will not include the ingress-nginx image. The ingress-nginx image will be included in a different image tarball. In Github, that image tarball will include ingress-nginx with the hardened tag. In `prime.ribs`, the image tarball will include ingress-nginx with the prime tag.
```

May 2020? 😁

Author: thanks! Good point

> Starting with May releases, the image tarball rke2-images-core.linux-amd64 will include the traefik image and will not include the ingress-nginx image. The ingress-nginx image will be included in a different image tarball. In Github, that image tarball will include ingress-nginx with the hardened tag. In `prime.ribs`, the image tarball will include ingress-nginx with the prime tag.

Reviewer 3: How about this. We can be more specific, without needing to call out specifically what tags the tarball contains. Also lets not call out where prime ribs is...

```suggestion
Starting with RKE2 v1.36 releases, the `rke2-images-core` airgap image list and tarball release artifacts include images for traefik instead of ingress-nginx. The `rke2-images-traefik` artifacts have been removed, as the image is now in the core bundle. Prime or community users who will continue to use ingress-nginx (either explicitly, or by default following an upgrade from a previous release) and make use of image lists or tarballs will need to use the `rke2-images-ingress-nginx` artifacts instead. Prime users must consume Prime artifacts in order to obtain Prime tagged images.
```

Author: I like it! I always forget about prime ribs being sort of secret
